funding for soundstage has been provided
by this station and by other public
television stations
next on Austin City Limits Willie Nelson
and the family band
well I'm drowning in a whiskey rivers
bathe in my memory in mine and the
wetness of its own
plus one of country's most vivid
songwriters guy Clark
hello I'm gene Cisco co-hosted sneak
previews I'm Roger Ebert a next time on
a special sneak previews program we'll
take a look at some of our favorite but
lesser-known films buried treasures like
bye-bye Brazil portrait of a travelling
roadshow gates of heaven a documentary
about pet cemeteries and the onion field
a police thriller so join us next time
for buried treasures a special sneak
preview this is Louisiana Public
Broadcasting wlpb TV is a broadcast
service of the Louisiana educational
television Authority wlpb TV operates on
UHF channel 27 548 to 554 megahertz
with an effective radiated power of 1
million 170 thousand watts visual and
117 thousand Watts Oro with studio 2
transmitter link wwa 20 as authorized by
the Federal Communications Commission
Washington DC our studios and production
facilities are located in the Louisiana
Department of Education building at 626
North Fourth Street Baton Rouge our
transmitter is located 5.6 miles south
of Baton Rouge just east of River Road
wlpb TV is affiliated with PBS the
Public Broadcasting Service and now our
National Anthem